Quality Declarations for rcl_action, rcl_lifecycle, yaml_parser (#641)
ros2/rcl: rcl_action/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

### API Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.iv]/[1.vi]

`rcl_action` will not break public API within a released ROS distribution, i.e. no major releases once the ROS distribution is released.

### ABI Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.v]/[1.vi]

`rcl_action` contains C and C++ code and therefore must be concerned with ABI stability, and will maintain ABI stability within a ROS distribution.

## Change Control Process [2]

`rcl_action` follows the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-requirements).

### Change Requests [2.i]

This package requires that all changes occur through a pull request.

### Contributor Origin [2.ii]

This package uses DCO as its confirmation of contributor origin policy. More information can be found in [CONTRIBUTING](../CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Peer Review Policy [2.iii]

Following the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages, all pull requests must have at least 1 peer review.

### Continuous Integration [2.iv]

> All pull requests must pass CI on all [tier 1 platforms](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers)

Author: Fixed.

### Documentation Policy [2.v]

All pull requests must resolve related documentation changes before merging.

## Documentation [3]

### Feature Documentation [3.i]

`rcl_action` has feature documentation actions in ROS 2.
It is [hosted](http://design.ros2.org/articles/actions.html).

### Public API Documentation [3.ii]

Most of `rcl_action` has embedded API documentation and it is [hosted](http://docs.ros2.org/latest/api/rcl_action/).

### License [3.iii]

The license for `rcl_action` is Apache 2.0, and a summary is in each source file, the type is declared in the [package.xml](package.xml) manifest file, and a full copy of the license is in the [LICENSE](../LICENSE) file.

There is an automated test which runs a linter that ensures each file has a license statement.

> Most recent test results can be found [here](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/1525/testReport/rcl_action/copyright/)

Author: Fixed.

The results of the test can be found [here](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/rcl_action/copyright/).

## Testing [4]

### Feature Testing [4.i]

`rcl_action` has feature tests, which test for proper node state transitions.
The tests are located in the [test](test) subdirectory.

### Public API Testing [4.ii]

Much of the API in `rcl_action` is tested.
The tests are located in the [test](test) subdirectory.

### Coverage [4.iii]

`rcl_action` does not currently track test coverage.

### Performance [4.iv]

`rcl_action` does not currently have performance tests.

### Linters and Static Analysis [4.v]

`rcl_action` uses and passes all the standard linters and static analysis tools for a C package as described in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#linters).

Results of the nightly linter tests can be found [here](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/rcl_action).

## Dependencies [5]

### Direct Runtime ROS Dependencies [5.i]/[5.ii]

`rcl_action` has the following runtime ROS dependencies:

> * `action_msgs`

Reviewer: can we describe the dependencies as it's done [here](https://github.com/ros2/rcl/pull/639/files#diff-5738374578ac1a78c061cd6f5b8dc8f4R143)?

Author: Done.

It has several "buildtool" dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they do not contribute to the public library API.
It also has several test dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they are only used to build and run the test code.

### Direct Runtime Non-ROS Dependencies [5.iii]

`rcl_action` does not have any runtime non-ROS dependencies.

## Platform Support [6]

`rcl_action` supports all of the tier 1 platforms as described in [REP-2000](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers), and tests each change against all of them.

Currently nightly results can be seen here:
* [linux-aarch64_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux-aarch64_release/lastBuild/testReport/rcl_action/)
* [linux_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/rcl_action/)
* [mac_osx_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_osx_release/lastBuild/testReport/rcl_action/)
* [windows_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_win_rel/lastBuild/testReport/rcl_action/)

# Security [7]

## Vulnerability Disclosure Policy [7.i]

> This package does not yet have a Vulnerability Disclosure Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package does not yet have a Vulnerability Disclosure Policy.
```

Author: Fixed.

## Dependencies [5]

Below are evaluations of each of `rcl_action`'s run-time and build-time dependencies that have been determined to influence the quality.

It has several "buildtool" dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they do not contribute to the public library API.
It also has several test dependencies, which do not affect the resulting quality of the package, because they are only used to build and run the test code.

### Direct Runtime ROS Dependencies [5.i]/[5.ii]

`rcl_action` has the following runtime ROS dependencies:

#### `action_msgs`

> `action_msgs` provides the message interfaces for communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`action_msgs` messages and services for ROS 2 actions
```

Author: Done.
